# Introduction
Hey! My name is Ryan Saito and this project is about detecting if a color is warm or cool. Cool colors are mostly green, blue, and purple. Warm colors are mostly red, orange, and yellow. I have trained the model for this project already by training 35 epochs. You do not need to train more models but if you would like to, feel free to by using the command: python3 train.py --model-dir=models/colors data/colors.
# Requirements
A very important thing that you need is the jetson-inference folder(https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference). Having this would get you the proper networks like ResNet18 which is used in this project. You also need some sort of camera that is plugged in to your Jetson Nano. For example, I am using the C270 as my camera but you could also use a CSI camera or another type of USB camera like the C920. Your Jetson Nano does need to be connected to an external display via an HDMI cable so you can see the camera in action. Also, make sure that your camera is not in dark lighting since it could affect the results for if it is a warm or cool color.
# Instructions
1. Make sure that you have the jetson-inference folder installed, link provided here: https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference.
2. Have a USB or CSI camera plugged in to your Jetson Nano
3. For installing the files for the project, go in the Linux Terminal and go into the jetson inference folder(cd jetson-inference) and do "git clone https://github.com/RyanSaito/warmvscool.git". ls Next, cd into the warmvscool folder and run this command to move the folders into the classification folder: mv dataset models ../python/training/classification/.
4. After moving the dataset and models folders, cd into the jetson-inference folder and go into the docker container by doing "./docker/run.sh". Next go into the jetson-inference/python/training/classification folder and run this command: python3 onnx_export.py --model-dir=models/colors
5. Once the onnx file is done exporting, get out of the docker container by doing CTRL + D. Then go back into the jetson-inference/python/training/classification folder and set these variables: "NET=models/colors" and "DATASET=dataset/colors" and run this command: imagenet.py --model=$NET/resnet18.onnx --input_blob=input_0 --output_blob=output_0 --labels=$DATASET/labels.txt /dev/video0. If you are using a CSI camera, replace /dev/video0 with csi://0.
6. After running these commands, you should wait until you see a pop-up screen of your camera displaying video. On the top left, it would show the percentage of the color. For example, you could be pointing at a red object and it would have something in the top left corner that would say "92.62% warm."                           **Have fun! You can now test and see the different objects around in your house and seeing if it is a cool color or warm color. It is recommended that you put the color of the object closer to the camera. If you would like to stop the camera/program, go in the Linux Terminal and doing CTRL + C**
# Demonstration
I have made a test demonstration video on my end and you can see how it works. The video link for the demonstration is here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDo193WkX8c
